sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/ScrapMechanicWindowProvider2Oldf.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicWindowProvider2Oldf
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicWindowProvider2Oldf$1
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/ProgramMemory.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ProgramMemory
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/ScrapMechanicAnalyser.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicAnalyser
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/CodeSyntaxResolver.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.CodeSyntaxResolver
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/ScrapMechanicWindowProvider.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicWindowProvider
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicWindowProvider$1
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicWindowProvider$2
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/SMDefinition.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.SMDefinition
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/TableFinder.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.TableFinder
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/FunctionPointer.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.FunctionPointer
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/StringPointer.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.StringPointer
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/InformationAnalyser.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.InformationAnalyser
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/ScrapMechanicPlugin.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicPlugin
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicPlugin$1
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/CodeSyntaxTreeAnalyser.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.CodeSyntaxTreeAnalyser
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.CodeSyntaxTreeAnalyser$NodeFunction
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.CodeSyntaxTreeAnalyser$TracedFunction
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/ScrapMechanicBookmarkManager.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicBookmarkManager
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ScrapMechanicBookmarkManager$BookmarkCategory
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/CodeSyntaxTreeUnit.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.CodeSyntaxTreeUnit
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/LuaFunctionImporter.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.LuaFunctionImporter
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/ObjectUtils.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ObjectUtils
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/SMClass.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.SMClass
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.SMClass$Constant
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.SMClass$Function
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/FunctionAnalyser.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.FunctionAnalyser
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/LuaTypeManager.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.LuaTypeManager
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.LuaTypeManager$Type
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/ConstantAnalyser.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.ConstantAnalyser
sm/hardcoded/plugin/tracer/TableElementFinder.java
 sm.hardcoded.plugin.tracer.TableElementFinder
